Population aging is the common experience of all countries in the world. The developed countries 

in Europe, the United States, Japan and Japan have all faced the problem of fewer children and 

aging population.

However, the demographic structure of Europe, the United States, Japan and other countries is 

the result of hundreds of years of transition experience. In a few short decades, some countries 

achieved the popularization of education due to their nationwide efforts to promote family 

planning, effective public health control of infectious diseases, and medical technologies The 

improvement and improvement of the universal health-care system, together with the rapid changes 

in social economy and family structure, have extended the average life expectancy of the Chinese 

people and the birth rate has dropped. Soon the result is an aging population structure similar 

to the industrial countries in Europe and the United States.

Almost all countries in the world have reached consensus on the challenge of aging society. In 

view of the development of the world's advanced age policy, health and well-being have been 

identified by the United Nations as the two major mainstream topics. The WHO also raised the 

core value of "vitality aging" in 2002 and believes that in order to make aging a positive 

experience, health, participation and safety must be ensured To achieve the most appropriate 

status and to enhance the quality of life in the elderly; WND 2012 World Health Day 3 is more 

about "Aging and Health", which considers healthy health adds life to years. In contrast with 

the development trend of senior citizens, paying attention to employment and human resources for 

the elderly and attracting more and more non-governmental resources, the issue of 

industrialization has drawn great attention and is in line with the foreign ideas and trends.

In view of the policies related to the elderly population, its spiritual connotations emphasize 

the protection of the basic living conditions of the elderly from the Social Welfare Policy 

Program, the White Paper on Population Policy, and the Welfare for the Elderly. However, there 

are also some measures to improve social safety The network serves as an important basis for 

various ministries to formulate or promote policies and measures for the elderly by improving 

the quality of health and life care, providing a complete and friendly elderly living 

environment, enhancing social participation of the elderly and strengthening family and social 

support.

On the implementation side, in order to meet the needs of the elderly with disabilities at 

various levels such as economic security, health maintenance and life care, the government has 

successively promoted a number of welfare programs or programs for the elderly in recent years 

such as "Strengthening the Safeguard Services for the Elderly" and " Care services, welfare and 

industrial development programs ". The major achievements were to expand the number of home-

based service providers and enhance professional care skills. The" Long-term Care Decade Plan 

"will provide adequate resources for the care and maintenance. As a result of early compliance," 

the long- Painting "to be improved, and for the follow-up construction of the long-term 

insurance transfer. Long-Term Care Services Network Project "to establish a long-term care 

system. Under the continuous efforts of five years, the "Long-term Care Services Law" is 

promulgated and is scheduled to come into force two years later. The "Long-term Care Insurance 

Law" will be passed to the Legislative Yuan for consideration so as to ensure a steady source of 

future long-term care services. Construction of a full sustainable development of the long 

service system.
 
More than 80% of the elderly population is not disability but a healthy, sub-healthy person. 

Therefore, special attention needs to be paid to the first phase of the "Friendly Care for the 

Elderly" Friendly elderly "and" generational integration ", integrating the resources of various 

units and actively promoting various tactics to establish a pro-aging society for the aged. 

Based on the" Aging Aging "model of the United Nations Millennium Development Goals, the" 

Healthy Aging " "Vigorous Aging", "Aging in Place", "Wisdom Aging" and "Aging in Learning 

Science", a total of 12 ministries plan to promote 84 work items jointly promoted by the central 

and local governments. In addition, with the promotion of the United Nations "Aged Friends 

Program" (AFC), all counties and cities signed the Aging Friendship City Convention in 2012, 

making it the most densely populated and friendly city in the world.

 
As a whole, Healthy Elderly Systems aims to strengthen the primary prevention and integration of 

cross-boundary resources and proactively promote the project of "Friendly and Friendly Elderly 

Service Scheme" for Elderly Friendly City; and "Elderly Care for the Elderly" The "Long-term 

Care Services Law", which is commonly known as the "long-term care and dual service law" and the 

"Long-term Care Insurance Law" currently under consideration by the Legislative Yuan to 

establish a long-term stable and stable development system for the future. From the development 

context of the above service plans and programs, we can generally see the development trend of 

the policy for the elderly. From the perspective of the target of concern, it has expanded from 

disability to health and sub-health. In terms of service content, long-term care-oriented care 

services Oriented towards health promotion, friendly environment and social participation. From 

the policy of work, it extends from satisfying the basic welfare needs of the elderly to 

building a barrier-free and respectful old-age environment.

In other words, in the face of the advent of the advanced age society, it is really necessary to 

expand the category of the welfare of the elderly in general and to view it as a reality all of 

us face together. We also look forward to the participation of the entire people in our 

community and the coming together in an age-old society.

Therefore, the first "White Paper on Aging Society" (hereinafter referred to as "the White Paper 

for the Elderly Society") is the core concept of "health promotion" in the face of the rapid 

population growth of the elderly and how to make the future demographic composition a healthy 

development for all. , With the goal of "increasing the number of years of health" and "reducing 

the disabled population". In addition to promoting the existing policies and measures for the 

elderly, the government must plan the overall policy for the elderly in a more forward-looking 

manner. "Finding a way out for young people, seeking reliance on the elderly; finding 

opportunities for businesses and providing a dignified living environment for the 

underprivileged" as the mainstay of their administration. The goal of "looking for the elderly" 

is to let the elderly Old, happy life, healthy and dignified, in response to the World Health 

Organization healthy aging, aging and vitality aging concept. In this regard, this White Paper 

is formulated especially for the purpose of planning new images of the elderly and responding to 

the challenges and needs of the future disabled or healthy elderly people in the future.

Second, the problems and challenges

With the advancement of medical science and technology and the improvement of living standards, 

the average remaining life continues to increase. The population ages faster than other 

countries in the world and affects the overall population composition, family structure, life 

style and social patterns.
In the face of structural changes, it is a major challenge for the government to meet the new 

society in the future, to extend the healthy age and to ease the incapacity so that the living 

and care needs of the healthy, sub-healthy and disabled elderly people can be met. In addition, 

supporting home caregivers to promote the aging of vitality and create a friendly environment 

and social values ​​is also an issue that urgently needs to be faced.

   Analysis of the problems and challenges facing the elderly society can be summarized as four 

points:


(A) population aging fast

The population is one of the basic elements of the country. Its composition, quality, 

distribution, development and migration are oriented towards the development of the country and 

its social welfare. After the Second World War, the impact of the post-war baby boom, coupled 

with the advanced medical technologies and the improvement of the health environment, the 

continuous improvement of national nutrition and the decline of mortality rates, contributed to 

the rapid population growth. In 1994, the elderly population reached 1.49 million, accounting 

for 7.1% of the total population, officially entering the aging society. Since then, the elderly 

population has continued to climb. According to the data released in the "Population Projection 

(2014-2061)" report of the National Development and Reform Commission, the proportion of the 

elderly population in the total population is estimated to be 14.6% by 2018, exceeding 14% The 

aged society, which is more likely to exceed 20% by 2025, enters the super aged society and ages 

very fast.

The population is aging rapidly, which is actually related to the declining birth rate. Over the 

past 50 years, there has been a long-term decline in the fertility rate of women, accelerating 

the rate of population aging. According to the IDC Demographic Report, women have a tendency to 

delay childbearing. The fertility rate of young women continues to decline. The total fertility 

rate has generally remained at 1.1 persons . Although the government has encouraged fertility-

related policies in recent years, since 2014, the number of elderly people aged 65 and above 

will increase by 1% annually, and the growth rate of the fertility rate has not kept pace with 

the growth rate of the elderly population.

Furthermore, the working-age population aged 15 to 64 will start to decline after reaching the 

peak in 2015. While the working-age population as a percentage of the total population may 

decline from 74.1% in 2014 to 50.4% in 150 years. However, although the labor force 

participation rate over the age of 65 has increased only by 0.67% from 2003 to 2014, It is a 

challenge to show how to improve the employment environment and employment match for the elderly 

in the future, to enhance the participation of the elderly in the labor market and to maintain 

the total productive forces.

(B) family care pressure

    Family is the basic unit of social life in culture and has its own significance and function 

to personal development and social stability. Although the modern social system is more 

pluralistic, many emerging social service mechanisms have been formed that fill some of the 

family's functions, especially in the areas of education, care and maintenance, but these 

developments do not replace the fact that families satisfy the most basic premises as their 

personal welfare needs status.

    The traditional type of family was originally dominated by three generations of mainstay 

families. Through the mutual help of internal members, they supported and shared their care 

responsibilities and even extended their resources to the clan clans and clansmen's family 

network to form the cornerstone of society. With the trend of industrialization and 

urbanization, the family members have been reduced and the value of elderly people taking up 

their children has gradually changed. At the same time, the concept of gender equality and the 

promotion of women's employment have caused the change in the traditional family division of 

labor, lack of family care and care Pressure will become a common challenge that Taiwan society 

faces. Therefore, it is currently an important issue to provide the basic guarantee for the 

economy, housing rights and security for the elderly.

    The Elderly Economic Security Section 2013 Survey on the Elderly 5 shows that "children or 

grandchildren" and "government assistance or allowances" are still the most important sources of 

income. However, due to the influence of fewer children, the responsibility of the elderly for 

economic security, It is bound to be an important challenge for the government. Although the 

majority of elderly people think that living with their children is the best way to live, at 

present, 20.6% of elderly people live with their spouses only, 11.1% of elderly people live 

alone, and the future alone The old and the dual old living styles are likely to become the 

mainstream. According to the 2013 elderly condition survey, 71.5% of elderly people think that 

it is important for the government to assist in supporting the local people. Therefore, the 

government has proposed a social housing program to help some elderly people living alone , 

Social vulnerable people to solve the housing problem. In addition, in the future, it will be an 

important issue in the future to cope with the diverse needs of caregivers, strengthen 

supportive functions of different family composition types, connect community resources in 

series and effectively integrate resource networks.

    In addition, the probability of disability increases with age. The population of disability 

in older age groups will gradually increase. The demand for long-term care will continue to 

grow. The overall social care pressure is getting heavier and heavier. A survey of long-term 

care needs in 2010 found that the rate of incapacitation at age 5 and older was 2.98% and that 

at age 65 was 16.5%, estimating that in 2014 the number of disabled persons over the age of 65 

was 463,884 and by 2023 To 660,000. This shows the urgency of taking care of the disabled 

people. According to the findings of the 2010 National Chiefs Necronomic Needs Survey (Phase 

II), 7 shows that 25.65% of primary caregivers have "stressful load" due to caring for the 

disabled and that the top four reasons for their higher load ratio are " Economic burden "was 

40.65%, followed by 34.24% of" social activities restricted ", 33.82% of" troubled cases "and" 

33.32% of unbearable pressure of care " Huge pressure. How to effectively take care of resources 

and systems so as to meet the various needs of the disabled and carers will be the primary issue 

for the future development of the long photograph.

    As for the tranquility care that can relieve the pressure of dying patients and families, in 

practice, we often encounter patients who have sign the "Prospective Peaceful Deconstruction 

Medical and Survival Choice Statement" but are unable to implement due to the disagreements of 

their families, indicating that people are provided with tranquility care At the same time that 

the average life expectancy of people is prolonging, how to break through the taboo of talking 

about death and reaching the goal of popularizing the environment for good and endangering is a 

great challenge to the society.

(C) changes in lifestyle more

    According to the Health and Welfare Department's survey on the elderly, the types of daily 

activities of elderly people in the daily life are mainly chatting with friends (37.8%), 

recreational activities (23.1%) and health-care activities (21.6%), showing As the types of 

elderly life style demand become more and more diversified, various service measures and 

industrial development in food, clothing, housing and recreation, etc. should also consider the 

advent of the elderly society and propose a response plan to meet the needs of the elderly in 

terms of sports and leisure consumption, education, learning and entrepreneurial dreams Demand, 

rich senior life.

According to the findings of the 2013 "Senior Citizen Status Report", 27% of elderly people have 

consciously not having good health and physical and mental functions, 81.1% have chronic or 

major diseases, and 22% have used the past In the past years, most people who were hospitalized 

were worried about their own health problems and expected good health. In oral health, the 

results of the 2009 National Health Visit Survey showed that the elderly population over the age 

of 65 had an oral tooth-free rate of 15.5% In terms of mental health, according to statistics 

from the Ministry of Health and Welfare, suicide rates among all age groups reached the highest 

in 2013 with 71% of elderly people suffering from mental illness The study also pointed out that 

the prevalence rate of depression among the elderly in the community is 16-25%, indicating that 

there is indeed a real need to enhance the mental health needs of the elderly. In terms of the 

prevalence of dementia, according to the findings of the Taiwan Association of Dementia 

Research, the prevalence rate in 2011-2013 was 4.97%. If the prevalence of mild cognitive 

impairment was included in the statistics, the prevalence rate was higher. Therefore, it is 

imperative to reduce the huge cost of care for the elderly due to the subsequent loss of mental 

health or chronic illnesses. It is an important issue for the future to integrate resources for 

care for dementia and promote social awareness of dementia. Overall, how to meet the diverse 

needs of elders in the future, to promote the elderly's physical and mental health and health 

awareness, improve the quality of life-style elderly, prevention of dementia are important 

topics in the elderly health.


(D) changes in social value

    Social inclusion or social cohesion is an important international issue in the welfare 

reform for the elderly in recent years. For example, the Ministry of Health and Welfare 

announced in December 2000 that "people who need social assistance, In the report of the 

relevant review conference on the due aspects of welfare, 13 we advocate treating disadvantaged 

people as members of the community and supporting each other, that is, advocating the concept of 

social cohesion. The WHO, in its elder-friendly city announced in 2007, Guideline 14 states that 

respect and social inclusion is one of the eight major environmental aspects for building a 

geriatric, friendly city to provide space to promote social participation, employment and 

recreation for the elderly. British sociologist Giddens (1994) argues that in a society that 

emphasizes social integration and social integration, the government must implement the policy 

from two aspects to carry out the reform. One is to eliminate the participation of various 

disadvantaged groups in the economy
